README.md, before:

# BanWarn

##2.0.0 release schedule:
- middle of October 2016::first ALPHA release
- middle of November::first BETA release
- end of December 2016::final 2.0.0 release

####This is the 2.0.0 branch. That means a MASSIVE update is coming. It'll take some time though, as it'll have many new cool features.

**TravisCI** [![TravisCI](https://api.travis-ci.org/robske110/BanWarn.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/robske110/BanWarn)

###Version `1.2.0` is **stable** for production and recommended for all BanWarn users! [**RELEASE**](https://github.com/robske110/BanWarn/releases/tag/1.2.0)

#####Look in issue https://github.com/robske110/BanWarn/issues/1 for detailed info and Changelogs for 1.1.0 and 1.2.0 and use it for FeatureRequests!

##About the Plugin:

###Commands:
#####/warn:

 Warns a player
 
 Usage: `/warn <PlayerName> <Reason> [Points]`

 Permission: BanWarn.command.warn
 
 
#####/warninfo:

 Outputs info about the warnings a player has

 Usage: `/warninfo <PlayerName>`

 Permission: BanWarn.command.warninfo

 Alias: /wi /warni
  
 
#####/warnpardon: (1.2.0 and above only)

 Pardons a player or removes warns

 Usage: `/warnpardon <PlayerName>`

 Permission: BanWarn.command.warnpardon

 Alias: /wp /warnp

Commit message:

redme
no, seriously red me.

README.md, after:

# BanWarn

**Welcome to the 2.0.0 branch. Originally started in late 2016, but soon abandoned due to doing everything exactly in the worst way it could have been done. Plugin development is not about typing characters on a black background. You have to see your code work, interact with and do stuff. Also - who tf writes release schedules for a one-man project. So I welcome you to 2.0.0 in mid 2018. While I still want to do some aspects the retro-way and rediscover something I missed for a long time now, I now focus on actually getting stuff done and not writing tons of messages that are for no use for anyone. So, without further ado, welcome to this experiment. Let's see how this turns out.

####This is the 2.0.0 branch. You _do_ not want to use this. Seriously though, this is not anywhere production ready (and at the moment not even working).

**TravisCI** [![TravisCI](https://api.travis-ci.org/robske110/BanWarn.svg?branch=2.0.0)](https://travis-ci.org/robske110/BanWarn)

###Version `1.2.3` is **stable** for production and recommended for all BanWarn users! [**RELEASE**](https://github.com/robske110/BanWarn/releases/tag/1.2.3)

#####The issue https://github.com/robske110/BanWarn/issues/1 for planned changes in 2.0.0 and use it for FeatureRequests!

##About the Plugin:

###Commands:
#####/warn:

 Warns a player
 
 Usage: `/warn <PlayerName> <Reason> [Points]`

 Permission: BanWarn.command.warn
 
 
#####/warninfo:

 Outputs info about the warnings a player has

 Usage: `/warninfo <PlayerName>`

 Permission: BanWarn.command.warninfo

 Alias: /wi /warni
  
 
#####/warnpardon: (1.2.0 and above only)

 Pardons a player or removes warns

 Usage: `/warnpardon <PlayerName>`

 Permission: BanWarn.command.warnpardon

 Alias: /wp /warnp
